DESCRIPTION
===========
HVAC tracking attachments for Indigo Pro.  These attachments are known to be
compatible with the Venstar T1X00 thermostats with the INSTEON module.

When installed, these attachments will track the usage of the A/C, furnace,
and fan.  Log messages like these will be generated on state changes:

  Received INSTEON	"Thermostat" off (button 1)
  Thermostat		Insteon Thermostat Event being processed
  Thermostat		Requesting AC - Off
  Thermostat		AC Ran for 14 minutes
  Thermostat		Filter usage: 14 minutes
  Thermostat		Insteon Thermostat Event processing complete

The tracking attachment will monitor the thermostat for Button 1 (A/C),
Button 2 (Heat), and Button 3 (Fan) ON or OFF events.  It will create the
variables AC_dailymins, Heating_dailymins, and Filter_totalmins to to track
usage for the A/C, heating, and the filter, respectively.

These variables each represent the number of minutes each component was used
since the last variable reset, which is currently assumed will happen daily
via the thermo_dayend and thermo_daystart scripts.

Filter_totalmins is essentially a cumulative total of the number of minutes
all components ran since the last time it was reset to 0, which you should do
whenever you change your filter.  The script will not do anything to alert
you when it's time to change your filter, but you can create a Trigger in
Indigo to monitor the variable and send you an email, etc whenever the value
exceeds your threshold.

Some other variables are also created:

  Last_Furnace_State_Change	The time of the last state change for any of
				the components in your system
  AC_Started			The time of the last request for cooling
  AC_status			Current status of the A/C (On or Off)
  Fan_Started			The time of the last _manual_ request for
				continuous fan operation*
  Fan_status			Off = Automatic fan operation
				On  = Continuous fan operation
  Heating_Started		The time of the last request for heating
  Heating_status		Current status of the heater (On or Off)

*Fan_Started is only updated when you physically press the fan button on your
thermostat.  Unfortunately, as of v2.0 of the Venstar INSTEON adapter, it
does not automatically communicate fan state changes on requests for cooling
or heating.

These scripts are ultimately designed to work with the companion Indigo Web
Server plugin to visualize the data in your web browser.  However, if you
just want to log the state changes and daily usages, you can use these
attachments independently of the web server plugin.

INSTALLATION
============
1) Copy all of the .scpt files to:
/Library/Application Support/Perceptive Automation/Indigo 5/Scripts/Attachments

2) Create a Time/Date Action, with the action of "Run Applescript", and
   choose "thermo_dayend".  Set it to run at 23:59 every day.

3) Create a Time/Date Action, with the action of "Run Applescript", and
   choose "thermo_daystart".  Set it to run at 00:00 every day.

If you want to be able to plot graphs of the data, you will also need to turn
on "Log Device State History to SQLite" in the Indigo Server.  Please note
that this, and consequently the web server plugin, require Indigo Pro.

Restart the Indigo Server for changes to take effect.
